This is what our workspace looks like the first time we've opened
it up and haven't imported any projects into it.
Now, you'll see that there is an option to Import
projects in the Package Explorer,
and it's stating to us that there are no projects currently in our workspace.
I'm not going to choose that one because that is only available
the very first time that you use this workspace.
Rather, I'm going to go up to File, and choose Import, and you'll see Maven.
We can expand that, and we'll say Existing Maven Project.
Choose that, and we'll click Next.
It's going to scan our workspace for a minute and see
which projects we have available for us,
and we'll click Browse.
And you can see the HelloWorld project that we've
been using throughout this course.
Let's select that folder, and you'll see that it now has identified our POM.
So we just chose the folder, and it found the POM underneath that folder.
Let's click Finish, and now you'll see that in the lower right‑hand section,
it's building our project this first time.
So it will show you the success as it goes through and adds those dependencies,
configures our classpath, those types of things.
Now that that's done,
we can go over here and expand our project and you'll see
that we have our src/main/java file,
and it will tell you that this is a src folder.
And below that is our default package,
and you'll see our HelloWorld Java file that's
actually residing underneath there.
The other interesting thing is our Maven Dependencies folder.
Now we have interacted a little bit with the IDE throughout this,
but it wasn't required for you to have that IDE installed.
So to show you how this ties in, we can open up our POM file,
and once it goes through and scans our POM file and builds the cache of all
the dependencies and everything else we have inside there,
we can start to look at our dependencies.
We have org.apache.commons, lang3.
We have the jupiter, junit libraries inside of here.
We have hibernate‑core.
So we can go over here and expand our Maven Dependencies,
and you can see that it has all of those JARs,
plus the transitive dependencies associated with that. Let's look at how those got pulled in.